1. What software engineering problem does QuickCheck aim to solve?
QuickCheck addresses the high cost and labor-intensive nature of software testing, which accounts for up to 50% of software development costs. It automates this process by allowing programmers to define properties as Haskell functions, which are then automatically tested against randomly generated inputs.

2. How does QuickCheck define a software property in Haskell syntax?
Property is a Haskell function that returns either a boolean for simple equations or another property when conditional laws are used.

3. What is the role of the Arbitrary type class?
Generate random test data. The Arbitrary type class dictates how random test data is generated for specific types. A type becomes an instance of this class if arbitrary elements can be generated for it using the arbitrary method, which returns a generator of type Gen a.

4. How are generator combinators structured monadically?
A generator is a function that can generate a variable from an abstract type in a pseudo random way. Combinators build complex generators from simpler ones, to do this, the type of the variable is an instance of Haskell's Monad class.

5. How does QuickCheck perform test data shrinking?
Test data shrinking is achieved by extending the Arbitrary class with a smaller method, which returns a list of smaller, similar values to its argument (like direct subtrees). When a counter-example is found, the quickCheck function uses this method to search for a smaller counter-example to report, reducing the time needed to understand bugs.

6. What happens when a conditional property (P \to Q) has a rarely satisfied precondition?
We generate only a limited number of candidate test cases (default=1000). If we do not find 100 valid test cases, then we simply report the number of successful tests we were able to perform.

7. How does QuickCheck measure test distribution coverage?
It doesn't. It is up to the user to investigate the distribution of test data and decide whether sufficiently many tests have been run.

8. What are the main practical advantages over manual unit testing?
Using QuickCheck encourages the user to formulate formal specifications, thus improving the understanding of the user's programs. Additionally, QuickCheck allows testing to be done at a fine grain on pure functions and significantly reduces effort by automatically checking a large number of randomly generated cases rather than requiring manually written test suites.

9. What limitations of QuickCheck are acknowledged by the authors?
There is no measurement of test coverage.

10. Which aspects of QuickCheck resemble modern binary fuzzing, and which differ?
Couldn't find the answer.
